When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping
all your work local?

A remote repository works out well to save files off your system
for reduncey.  It also works out well for multiple people working
on the same project.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than
having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote
repository?

So you can be in control.  You might be doing multiple commits
locally and you don't want all of them on the repository.  You
might be waiting until the project is complete.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When
would you use one instead of another?

forks - copy someone elses github repository to your area
clones - make a copy of your github repository
branches - a path off your main line development.

Fork, don't have permission to edit files, clone do have
permission to edit and branch go off master path.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of
the remote stored locally?

You would know where you left off on the remote.  You can then
decide where you want to put in your changes.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would
be easier, and what would be harder?

You could collaborate by keeping local copies of your files and
doing a "diff" command to see if it is safe to merger your changes
into the master.  The bad part, this would be manual intensive and
errors would be more possible.  Easier to use Git and GitHub, let
those programs analyze your changes.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather
than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If you change needs to be approved before going into the master
branch, it would be best to put it into a branch first.  This way
you would not corrupt the master branch.

I'll be having cake now ;-)


